Document 'QGIS Server' properties for vector tiles (#10541)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector_tiles/vector_tiles.rst

to create and edit a metadata report on your layer.
See :ref:`metadatamenu` for more information.

.. index:: QGIS Server
.. _vectortilesservermenu:

QGIS Server Properties
======================

The |overlay| :guilabel:`QGIS Server` tab helps you configure
settings of the data when published by :ref:`QGIS Server <QGIS-Server-manual>`.
The configuration concerns:

* :guilabel:`Description`: provides information to describe the data,

>   such as :guilabel:`Short name`, :guilabel:`Title`, :guilabel:`Summary`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  such as :guilabel:`Short name`, :guilabel:`Title`, :guilabel:`Abstract`,
```

>   a :guilabel:`List of Keywords`,  and a :guilabel:`Data URL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a :guilabel:`Keyword list`,  and a :guilabel:`Data URL`
```
